[WIP] fix mistakes (#146)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseVPN: docs/general/subscription.md

AdGuard VPN is available in two versions — free and unlimited. The subscription allows you to use the app without any restrictions on traffic, connection speed and the choice of locations. You can [read more about all the advantages of the unlimited version](/general/free-vs-unlimited).

If you have decided to purchase a subscription to AdGuard VPN, there are two ways to do this:

1. Via an in-app purchase. Go to the AdGuard VPN app and tap the arrow in the upper right corner of the screen. Select the most suitable subscription plan and tap *Subscribe*. This option is available for AdGuard VPN mobile apps for iOS and Android.

> 2. On [our website](https://adguard-vpn.com/license.html). There are three subscription plans to choose from — monthly, yearly, and two-year one. Choose the most suitable one and enter the email address to which the payment receipt will be sent. You can pay for your subscription using you bank card, PayPal account, or cryptocurrency.

Reviewer: предлагаю не про чек писать а про то что этот емейл реально понадобится

```suggestion
2. On [our website](https://adguard-vpn.com/license.html). There are three subscription plans to choose from — monthly, 1-year, and 2-year. Choose the one that suits you best and enter the email address that will be associated with your subscription. You can pay for your subscription using your bank card, PayPal account, or cryptocurrency.
```

If you have decided to purchase a subscription to AdGuard VPN, there are three ways to do this:

1. Via an in-app purchase. Go to the AdGuard VPN app and tap the arrow in the upper right corner of the screen. There are three subscription plans to choose from — monthly, yearly, and two-year one. Select the most suitable one and tap *Subscribe*. This option is available for AdGuard VPN mobile apps for iOS and Android.

> 2. Via the [AdGuard account](https://my.adguard.com/). Log in to your account and select *My Licenses* from the menu bar. Click *Buy AdGuard VPN* and select a monthly, yearly, or two-year subscription. Pay for it using your card, PayPal account, or one of the supported cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, or Tether. Done!

Reviewer: так больше нельзя
